1. The suggested llm could be processes as soon as the table is loaded in the backend
2. Creating an rule suggestion agent, with which user can chat and create a rule
3. When the sql query is generated and shown the use, it should have a button to show it 
to user and it should show the number of rows getting affected because of the query

what if user wants to query on the whole table
what if multiple columns are to be affected - then maybe the whole table query could come
could have two sections - per column and on the table

we could have two agents - table agent and col agent,

what user wants 
it wants to create rules
rules are either on one column or multiple columns
one column - rules that just bother only that col
multiple col - rules that bother multiple col

for one col rule - need a agent that can take a col from the table and suggest rule or help create one
for multiple col rule - need an agent that take a table and help create a rule 


for now - 
load a table 
and create rule per column
the rule will either be 
1. created by ai - this is done
2. suggested by ai - when user and ai chat - need to work on this - will do this later**
    1. here the output of the ai should be what user asks for that column
    2. also it should give rules, and when it gives, they should be able to export to the box where rules are written
    3.
    4.
OR
2. we will have a know all agent which can tell everything about the table and the selected column, and it can suggest ai rules are well, and like vs code we will insert it in the box
for that we will create an ai agent which will fetch the rule out of it and get the rule and insert int the rule box
this will be a floating window and will be on right hand side of the screen
like left will be tables, middle rule generation, then the chat window
what about data returned by the chat window?
3. created by human - this is done

once a rule is created - 
1. sql query will be generated 
2. if query is not able to be generated - it will ask for more clarity - need to work on this agent

once a query is generated -
1. it will be shown - will the user be able edit the query or not?
1. it will run on the column and shown how many rows will be affected

Steps - 
Creating the (col)know all data agent - 
Create agent that converts natural language rule to working sql query - 
Create agent that suggests rules over a col - 


Enhancement - study 
1. data quality score setting
2. the know all ai agent should also suggest rules - which could be added to the rule box - like code is added in vs code copilot
3. in the window chat we can add suggestive questions like, what is percentage of null rows, etc??
4. can add predefined rules on every column,
5. rules that extend from column to column
6. keep the ai response in chatbot very short, nobody likes long response
7. streaming of chat
8. ai response fine tuning - the know all should be told that you have access to table and tools, use them
9. could give power to query to rule suggester to suggest rules